COME ON, MAN.
IT'S EDDIE.
YOUR LITTLE EDWIN.
YOU OWE ME ONE.
WELL, THAT'S
NOT MY FAULT.
OK. I CAN HANG ON.
HEY, EDDIE, DON'T YOU
HAVE A PHONE AT YOUR HOUSE?
THERE ARE CERTAIN CALLS
I'D PREFER NOT TO
ORIGINATE AT MY HOUSE.
OH, GREAT. OK.
FEED MY KIDS WHEN
I'M IN PRISON, ALL RIGHT?
I'M MAKING THIS CALL FOR
YOUR DAUGHTER, BUBBA JAY.
DON'T CALL ME BUBBA JAY.
YEAH. YOU GOT 'EM?
YOU GOT THE TICKETS?
GOOD. GOOD. ROCK ON.
I GOT 'EM.
NO.
YEAH.
THE NO DOUBT TICKETS?
NO.
I'M TELLIN' YOU, YEAH.
AAH! OH, MY GOD!
OH, MY GOD! OH, MY GOD!
OH, MY GOD!
YOU ARE THE BEST UNCLE
IN THE WHOLE WORLD.
OK. GET OFF ME.
I BROUGHT THE SNAKE.
WHICH DRAIN IS CLOGGED?
GREAT, DAD.
GIVE IT HERE.
Walt: NO, NO.
THIS IS A FINELY-TUNED
PIECE OF EQUIPMENT.
YOU DON'T KNOW
HOW TO USE IT.
DAD, I'M AN ELECTRICIAN.
YOU THINK I DON'T KNOW
HOW TO USE A DRILL?
WHEN YOU HOOK
A DRILL UP TO A SNAKE,
IT'S A WHOLE
DIFFERENT ANIMAL.
NOW, WHAT DID YOU CLOG
THE SINK WITH, ANYWAY?
NOTHING.
HENRY, DON'T WEAR
A HAT IN THE HOUSE.
OK.
OH, DEAR LORD.
PUT IT BACK ON.
DAD, WAIT. HE GOT A
NOT-SO-GREAT HAIRCUT.
WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL?
HEY, CHECK OUT THE BACK.
YOU CAN SEE MY SKULL.
SO, WHO DID THAT
TO HENRY'S HAIR?
AW, YOU TOOK HIM TO
ONE OF THOSE PLACES
IN THE VILLAGE, DIDN'T YOU?
WHERE THEY ALL
DRESS IN BLACK
AND NOBODY TALKS TO YOU.
NO, NO. NO.
I TOOK HIM TO TONY.
TONY? HE'S NOT
CAPABLE OF THAT.
OH, COME ON, WALT.
DO NOT DEFEND THAT
BUTCHER IN THIS HOUSE.
HE IS INCOMPETENT.
BUT SEAN HAD A NICE
LITTLE TALK WITH HIM.
I'M YELLIN' AT YOU
BECAUSE I'M AN ASS!
I CAME BY YESTERDAY
WITH MY SON!
GET OUT OF HERE.
YOU SCREAMED AT TONY?
THE MAN HAS BEEN
CUTTIN' MY HAIR
FOR 30 YEARS.
SAME HAIRCUT,
FLAWLESS EVERY TIME.
MAYBE IT'S TIME
FOR OLD TONY TO RETIRE.
YOU KNOW WHAT, GUYS?
IT'S JUST A HAIRCUT.
YEAH. YOU'RE RIGHT,
BUDDY.
IT'S OK, RIGHT?
OH, YEAH.
IT'LL GROW OUT.
SURE.
EVENTUALLY.
IT'S JUST HAIR.
JIMMY, YOU GOTTA RELAX,
OR YOU'RE GONNA
GIVE US ALL AWAY.
DAD, I CAN'T.
I FEEL LIKE I'M
GETTING AN ULCER
OR SOMETHING.
JIMMY, AT YOUR AGE,
IT'S PROBABLY JUST
INTESTINAL PARASITES.
OH, OK.
WHAT'S GOIN' ON?
LOOK. LOOK, OK?
THIS WHOLE THING
STARTED WHEN CLAUDIA
GOT IT IN HER HEAD
THAT I DON'T
CARRY MY SHARE.
ALL RIGHT? AND YOU KNOW
HOW CONDESCENDING SHE CAN BE.
SO YOU'RE GONNA GET HENRY
HIS HAIRCUT TODAY, RIGHT?
YEAH. YEAH.
GO BACK FURTHER.
YOU'RE NOT GONNA
FORGET, ARE YOU?
NO.
Claudia: SEAN, LISTEN.
IT'S FOR HIS CHOIR RECITAL.
PLEASE DON'T FORGET.
HE'S GOT A SOLO.
WE'LL ACTUALLY GET TO
SEE HIM THIS TIME,
AND HE REALLY
NEEDS A HAIRCUT.
I KNOW, I KNOW,
I KNOW, OK?
I'M NOT GONNA FORGET.
'CAUSE YOU NEVER
FORGET ANYTHING, RIGHT?
SURPRISE!
YOU DID PICK UP JIMMY?
YEAH. OF COURSE.
OH, GOD. YOU KNOW,
THAT WAS LIKE ONE TIME.
YO, ELWAY. CHUCK IT.
ONE TIME? NO.
IT'S ALL THE TIME.
IT'S THE GARBAGE
THAT DOESN'T GET
TAKEN OUT
AND THE DOG THAT
DOESN'T GET WASHED.
THE HALLOWEEN
DECORATIONS DON'T
GET TAKEN DOWN.
WHOA. WHAT ARE YOU
TALKIN' ABOUT?
THERE'S A WITCH
ON OUR DOOR, SWEETIE.
OH, OK.
THAT'S SO INSULTING.
WELL, COME ON.
WHAT?
THAT'S SO UNFAIR
FOR YOU TO SIT HERE
ON YOUR HIGH HOR--
YOU KNOW, HOW DARE YOU?
HOW DARE I?
YES, HOW DARE YOU,
LAYING THIS TRIP ON ME
LIKE I'M SOME
IRRESPONSIBLE BOOB
WHO DOESN'T TAKE CARE
OF HIS FAMILY.
Eddie: YO, SEAN.
NO, NO, NO. YOU AND I
MIGHT HAVE DIFFERENT
PRIORITIES, CLAUDIA, OK?
BUT I AM A GOOD FATHER
AND A GOOD HUSBAND
AND IF SOMETHING NEEDS
DOIN' AROUND HERE, OK,
I ULTIMATELY
GET AROUND AND DO IT,
AND I WOULD
APPRECIATE, OK,
A LITTLE BIT OF THANKS
AND JUST SOME KIND
OF ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF THAT
EVERY ONCE IN A WHILE.
YO, YO, YO, YO, YO.
VERY STIRRING SPEECH!
WELL, IT NEEDED TO BE SAID!
HEY, LIL, CHECK IT OUT.
THE TICKETS.
YES!
WHO'S COOLER THAN
YOUR UNCLE EDWIN?
THANK YOU
SO MUCH.
HOW DID YOU
GET THEM?
I KNOW A GUY.
YOU ALWAYS
KNOW A GUY.
HOW MANY GUYS
DO YOU KNOW?
I KNOW ABOUT 75 GUYS.
THIS IS
SO FAR BEYOND COOL.
Claudia:
WHAT IS?
EDDIE GOT ME 4 TICKETS
TO THE NO DOUBT CONCERT.
OH, THAT'S GREAT.
NO. YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND.
IT'S AMAZING.
IT'S TOTALLY SOLD OUT,
AND IT'S IN A TINY CLUB.
IT'LL BE LIKE
THEY'RE IN OUR HOUSE.
THAT IS AMAZING.
NO. YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND.
IT'S INCREDIBLE.
IT'S A BENEFIT CONCERT,
ONLY 300 PEOPLE WILL BE THERE,
AND ME AND MY FRIENDS
WILL BE FOUR OF THEM.
THAT'S INCREDIBLE.
NO. IT'S GENIUS.
I KNOW.
OH, FORGET IT.
YOU'LL NEVER UNDERSTAND.
OH, I UNDERSTAND.
IT'S REALLY, REALLY,
REALLY, REALLY GREAT.
I GET IT.
YOU'RE NOT
GETTING THIS AT ALL.
SO, IF YOU GOT HENRY
THE HAIRCUT,
THEN WHY IS JIMMY
HIDING IN THE DRYER?
WHAT?
HEY, JIMMY, GET OUT
OF THERE. COME ON.
THAT'S NOT SAFE.
HEY, DAD, I WAS GONNA
GET HIM THE HAIRCUT,
BUT I WASN'T GONNA
BLOW A WHOLE SATURDAY
ON IT, ALL RIGHT?
SO I TOOK HIM TO THE MOVIES.
DUDE, WHERE'S MY COKE?
DUDE, WHERE'S MY SHOE?
DUDE, WHERE'S MY BUTT?
DUDE, WHERE'S MY DUDE?
OK, THAT'S ENOUGH.
COME ON. WE GOTTA
GET TO THE BARBERSHOP.
LET'S GO, GUYS.
HOW LONG
WAS THE MOVIE?
WELL, IT WASN'T
JUST THE MOVIE.
LET ME TRY
THE VERY VERY BERRY.
LOOK, YOU CAN'T TASTE
EVERY FLAVOR IN THE STORE.
OH, NO. ACTUALLY,
WE BETTER GET GOING
TO THE BARBERSHOP.
SORRY.
AND THEN YOU WENT
TO THE BARBERSHOP.
YEAH, WELL...UH, WELL,
YEAH, NOT STRAIGHT THERE.
WE...YEAH.
NO.
COME ON.
PUSH THE BUTTON ALREADY.
UH, DAD?
YOU KNOW,
WE'RE IN FRONT
OF THE TAPE.
ARE YOU SURE
THAT IT'S SAFE?
JIMMY, THE SET THE TAPE
WAY FAR BACK.
IT'S FOR INSURANCE.
IT'S LIKE MILK.
YOU CAN DRINK IT
WEEKS AFTER THAT DATE
THEY PUT ON IT.
Sean: ALL RIGHT!
SHOWTIME.
WHOO!
AWESOME.
CHECK OUT THE DUST CLOUD.
DAD, ARE YOU SURE
THAT IT'S SAFE TO BE
IN FRONT OF THE LINE?
YEAH.
RUN!
I THINK I MAY
HAVE BLACK LUNG.
I THINK I'VE GOT BLOWN-UP
PIECES OF RAT ON ME.
THEY PUT
THAT YELLOW LINE
WAY TOO CLOSE.
OH, NO.
SO YOU FRITTERED AWAY
A WHOLE DAY?
WE WERE HAVING FUN,
AND THEN WE GOT
TO THIS PLACE,
AND THE BARBERSHOP
WAS CLOSED,
AND YOU KNOW CLAUDIA.
I KNEW HOW MUCH
SHE WAS FREAKING OUT
ABOUT HENRY GETTING
HIS HAIR CUT FOR THE RECITAL,
AND THEN I THOUGHT,
YOU KNOW WHAT?
HOW HARD COULD IT BE?
HUH
ALL RIGHT.
OH, WOW.
WHAT, WOW?
THAT WAS A BIG CLUMP.
I'M GONNA DO
THE SAME THING
TO THE OTHER SIDE.
VOILA.
HOW DOES IT LOOK?
Eddie: UH-OH.
WHAT, UH
WHY DID YOU DO THAT?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
THAT'S NOT
WHAT I WOULD HAVE DONE.
ISN'T IT EASIER
TO CUT IT
IF IT'S WET?
YES. GOOD POINT.
YES. WET.
HEY, HAND ME
THAT SPRAY BOTTLE
RIGHT THERE.
THAT'S GOOD.
GOOD DEAL.
AAH! OW!
THAT'S WINDEX.
OH, GOD! OH!
SORRY, HENRY.
OK. OK.
LOOKING GOOD.
LOOKIN' CROOKED.
YOU HAVE TO USE THE EARS
TO CALIBRATE.
I'M USING THE EARS.
IT DOESN'T LOOK LIKE
YOU'RE USING THE EARS.
LOOK, IF ANYTHING,
I'M OVER-RELYING
ON THE EARS.
JUST PUT THE SCISSORS DOWN
AND WALK AWAY.
I CAN'T. I CAN'T.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I GOTTA FLUFF.
I JUST GOTTA FLUFF.
OK. WE GOT SOME BODY.
WHAT THE HELL
DID YOU DO RIGHT HERE?
WHERE?
Jimmy:
HE'S GOT A BALD SPOT.
HEY, IT'S GOOD,
HENRY.
IT MAKES YOU
LOOK OLDER.
SO YOU JUST DUMPED THE HAIR
DOWN THE DISPOSAL?
WELL, I FIGURED
IF CLAUDIA COULDN'T
FIND THE EVIDENCE,
THEN, YOU KNOW,
SHE WOULD
NEVER KNOW.
SHE COULD LOOK AT HIS HEAD.
YEAH. YEAH,
AND SHE DID.
* IN MY HAND
NO PRICE I BRING *
* SIMPLY TO THY CROSS
I CLING *
* ROCK OF AGES
* CLEFT TO ME
* LET ME HIDE MYSELF
IN THEE *
OH, MY GOD. WHAT HAPPENED
TO HENRY'S HAIR?
UH...
TONY THE BARBER
WAS DRUNK.
YEAH.
* BE OF SIN
THE DOUBLE CURE *
* SAVE FROM WRATH
AND MAKE ME PURE *
SO, JIMBO CAME THROUGH
WITH AN EXCELLENT STORY,
AND I WAS OFF THE HOOK.
WHAT A PROUD DAY.
DAD, LISTEN. I CAN'T
KEEP LYING LIKE THIS.
I WANT TO
TELL THE TRUTH.
HEY, HEY, HEY. JIMMY,
WE'RE IN THIS TOGETHER, OK?
SO IF I GO DOWN,
YOU GO DOWN.
WHY? I DIDN'T
CUT HENRY'S HAIR.
YOU DIDN'T STOP US.
THAT MAKES YOU
AN ACCESSORY
AFTER THE FACT.
HEY, KRISTINA. WHATCHA
DOIN' SATURDAY NIGHT?
YOU'RE NEVER GONNA
GUESS WHAT I GOT.
YEAH. SOMETHING TOTALLY
BEYOND COOL JUST HAPPENED.
I GOT...
SEE, I GOT...
I GOTTA GO.
WHY DIDN'T YOU
ASK HER
TO THE CONCERT?
I'M NOT GOING TO ASK HER.
KRISTINA IS
YOUR BEST FRIEND.
EXACTLY.
SHE ALREADY LIKES ME.
WHAT DO I HAVE TO GAIN
BY INVITING HER?
IT WOULD JUST BE
A WASTE OF A TICKET.
I MEAN, THESE THINGS
COULD BE MY KEY
TO POPULARITY FOREVER,
AND I ALMOST BLEW ONE
ON MY FRIEND.
HEY, LIL.
WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT--
WHOA. WHAT IS IT, JIMMY?
WHAT?
HA HA. THERE'S
A SOFTENER SHEET
ON YOUR BACK,
WHICH MEANS YOU'VE BEEN
IN THE DRYER, WHICH MEANS
YOU'VE BEEN HIDING FROM ME,
WHICH MEAN YOU'RE
KEEPING SOMETHING FROM ME.
WHAT IS IT?
NOTHING.
ARE YOU LYIN'?
YES.
MM-HMM.
OK, UNCLE EDDIE,
YOU GOT ME INTO THIS,
SO YOU'VE GOT TO
HELP ME OUT.
WHAT?
ALL RIGHT.
THESE ARE THE NAMES
OF EVERYBODY I COULD
POSSIBLY INVITE
TO THE CONCERT.
THE BLUE PEOPLE ARE
MY ACTUAL FRIENDS,
THE RED PEOPLE
ARE POPULAR PEOPLE
WHO KINDA KNOW ME,
AND THE GREEN PEOPLE
ARE POPULAR PEOPLE
WHO DON'T LIKE ME.
OK.
ALL RIGHT.
NOW, IF I INVITE
MORE THAN ONE GREEN,
THEY'LL JUST
TALK TO EACH OTHER,
AND I'LL END UP WITH
A BLUE OR A RED.
AND THE RED WOULD
PROBABLY JUST GO
OVER TO THE GREEN,
SO THAT WON'T WORK.
BUT IF I INVITE
AN EXTRA BLUE
FOR INSURANCE,
THE GREEN PERSON
WON'T EVEN COME,
SO I MIGHT AS WELL
NOT EVEN RISK IT
AND JUST INVITE
BLUES AND REDS
AND NO GREENS,
BUT THAT WOULD BE
SUCH A WASTE,
WOULDN'T IT?
WHO'S GREEN AGAIN?
POPULAR PEOPLE
WHO DON'T LIKE ME.
OK. WHY DON'T YOU JUST--
WAIT A MINUTE.
WHO'S BLUE?
OH! YOU ARE USELESS!
RUB IT IN, WHY DON'T YOU?
I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN
HE GAVE HENRY THAT HAIRCUT.
IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN OBVIOUS.
WELL, YOU, YOU LYING TO ME,
THAT'S WHAT THREW ME OFF.
MOM, I REALLY
DIDN'T WANT TO,
BUT DAD TOLD ME
IT WAS THE RIGHT
THING TO DO.
OK. THAT LOOKS OK, RIGHT?
Jimmy: NO.
LILY, GIVE ME THAT HAT.
COME ON. COME ON.
WHY?
'CAUSE HENRY NEED TO
BORROW IT, THAT'S WHY.
OH, YEAH. YEAH.
THAT DOESN'T
LOOK STUPID AT ALL.
WHERE'S A MIRROR?
OH! UM...OH.
MOM IS GONNA
FREAK OUT.
LOOK, NOT IF SHE
DOESN'T FIND OUT
HOW IT HAPPENED, OK?
ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT, GUYS.
LITTLE LIFE LESSON,
ALL RIGHT?
THERE ARE
CERTAIN SITUATIONS,
AND THIS IS
A PERFECT EXAMPLE
OF ONE OF THEM, OK,
WHERE THE BEST BET
FOR EVERYBODY INVOLVED
IS THAT WHAT WE DO IS,
WE...UH, WE LIE.
BUT YOU ALWAYS
TELL US NOT TO LIE.
YOU YELL AT US
WHEN WE LIE.
OK, BUT THIS IS
A WHITE LIE, ALL RIGHT,
AND THAT'S
THE KIND OF LIE
WHERE YOU SPARE
SOMEONE'S FEELING,
AND WE'RE SPARING
YOUR MOTHER'S FEELINGS.
HOW?
WELL, WE'RE KEEPING HER
FROM FEELING BAD THAT
SHE MARRIED AN IDIOT.
NOT LYING'S
LIKE A COMMANDMENT.
YEAH? WELL, SO IS
HONORING THY FATHER, OK?
AND THAT'S,
LIKE, MUCH HIGHER,
OK? SO, LOOK.
ARE YOU GUYS WITH ME
ON THIS ONE?
I DON'T KNOW.
OH, COME ON. JIMMY,
JIMMY, JIMMY,
LISTEN TO ME.
YOU GOTTA
UNDERSTAND SOMETHING.
YOUR MOTHER
IS A WOMAN, OK,
AND SHE KEEPS SCORE
EVERY TIME I SCREW UP,
AND THIS AFTERNOON,
I LOBBED A BIG MEATBALL
ACROSS THE PLATE,
SO I HAVE TO ASK
ONE THING OF YOU,
SON, OK?
JUST DON'T
FREAK OUT ON ME!
AND HE THOUGHT
I WASN'T GONNA
FIGURE THAT OUT?
YOU DIDN'T FIGURE IT OUT.
I TOLD YOU.
WELL, HE DOESN'T
HAVE TO KNOW THAT.
SEE? NOW YOU'RE
MAKING ME LIE.
NO, NO, NO.
IT'S OK, JIMMY,
'CAUSE I'M ASKING YOU
TO LIE ABOUT A LIE.
IT JUST CANCELS IT OUT.
YOUR DAD, THOUGH,
ASKED YOU TO LIE
ABOUT THE TRUTH,
AND THAT IS JUST WRONG.
FOR THAT,
HE WILL SUFFER.
OK, UNCLE EDDIE.
I'VE GOT IT FIGURED OUT.
YOU READY?
OK. OK.
SO I INVITE
JULIE AND LAUREN.
NOW, JULIE HATES LAUREN,
SO SHE WON'T GO,
BUT I'LL STILL
GET POINTS FOR ASKING.
NOW, KIM WILL GO,
BUT SHE'LL WANT TO BRING
HER BOYFRIEND BRANDON,
BUT THAT'S OK,
'CAUSE HE'S CAPTAIN
OF THE BASKETBALL TEAM.
NOW, HE DOESN'T
GO ANYWHERE WITHOUT
JASON AND DAVID,
AND THEY EACH
HAVE GIRLFRIENDS,
WHICH IS FINE,
'CAUSE ONCE I'M IN WITH
THAT CROWD, I'M SET.
SO I GET LAUREN, KIM,
BRANDON, JASON, DAVID,
ALLISON, MARILEE,
HER LITTLE SISTER,
AND HER SISTER'S
FRIENDS, GAIL AND TRACY,
AND ALL I NEED FROM YOU
IS 7 MORE TICKETS.
I CAN'T GET
7 MORE TICKETS.
I CAN WORK WITH 5.
I CAN'T GET
ANY MORE TICKETS.
3?
NO. NONE. ZERO.
AAH!
YEAH. TELL ME ABOUT IT.
IT'S SO FUNNY. TWO DAYS AGO,
THAT DRAIN WAS WORKING FINE.
IT SURE WILL BE INTERESTING
TO SEE WHAT'S CLOGGED DOWN
THERE, WON'T IT?
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU GOT SO MUCH STUFF
TO DO, CLAUDIA.
YOU DON'T WANT TO
HANG OUT AND WATCH US
UNCLOG THE DRAIN.
NO. I'M INTERESTED.
YOU KNOW, I THINK
I KNOW WHAT IT IS.
YEAH. LILY,
SHE PUTS PAPER TOWELS
DOWN THERE ALL THE TIME.
I'M GONNA GO GIVE THAT GIRL
A PIECE OF MY MIND.
UH...
UH--DON'T--UH--
DON'T--UH--DON'T--
YOU KNOW,
DON'T DO THAT,
BECAUSE, UH, WELL,
IT WASN'T HER.
HOW DO YOU KNOW?
WELL, BECAUSE,
YOU KNOW, I WAS--
I JUST SO HAPPENED
TO BE WATCHING HER,
OK, BEFORE,
AND SHE WASN'T
DOING THAT.
YOU KNOW?
SO YOU'VE BEEN
GUARDING THE DRAIN?
HA HA!
YOU MEAN LIKE--NO.
NO. NO.
I WAS--NO.
IF IT'S NOT PAPER TOWELS,
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
IT COULD POSSIBLY BE,
UNLESS IT WAS HENRY'S HAIR
THAT YOU CUT YOURSELF
AND THEN TRIED TO FLUSH
DOWN THE DISPOSAL.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
IT WAS LILY AND
THOSE DAMN PAPER TOWELS.
IT WAS NOT
LILY'S DAMN PAPER TOWELS.
SEE, I KNEW
YOU WERE GONNA MAKE
A BIG DEAL ABOUT THIS.
HOW COULD I NOT MAKE
A BIG DEAL ABOUT THIS?
YOU'RE THE ONE WHO SAID,
"HOW DARE YOU?
HOW DARE YOU QUESTION
MY COMPETENCE?"
OH, THERE'S NO WAY
I SAID, "HOW DARE YOU."
OH, I THINK YOU DID.
HOW DARE YOU!
HERE, EDDIE.
I DIDN'T SAY IT LIKE THAT.
YOU'RE AMAZING, SEAN.
AND 2 HOURS AGO,
GIVEN THE CHOICE OF
JUST TELLING ME THE TRUTH
OR YELLING AT POOR OLD TONY,
YOU YELLED AT TONY.
OK. THAT MIGHT
NOT HAVE GONE DOWN
EXACTLY THE WAY YOU
MAY HAVE PERCEIVED IT
TO HAVE.
CLAUD. CLAUD.
WHAT ARE YOU DOIN'?
I'M GOING TO TONY'S.
WHY?
I'M GONNA
PLUNGE HIS SCISSORS
INTO HIS NECK.
OH, NO, CLAUD.
CLAUDIA, DON'T DO THIS.
AFTER THAT HAIRCUT
HE GAVE HENRY?
NO, NO. COME ON. COME ON.
LET ME TALK TO HIM.
YOU DON'T EVEN CARE.
I CARE.
THEN WHY
AREN'T YOU ANGRY?
OH, I'M ANGRY.
I WANT TO GO IN THERE
AND TEAR HIM A NEW ONE.
I WANT TO GO TEAR HIM
TWO NEW ONES.
JUST LET ME DO IT, OK?
OK.
TONY.
SEAN.
LISTEN, YOU'VE DONE
NOTHIN' WRONG,
YOU UNDERSTAND ME?
NOTHIN' AT ALL.
YEAH?
YEAH. YEAH,
AND I CAME BY
YESTERDAY
WITH MY BOY
TO GET A HAIRCUT
BUT YOU WERE CLOSED,
SO I GAVE HIM
A HAIRCUT,
AND IT WAS THE WORST
FREAKIN' HAIRCUT
IN THE HISTORY OF
HAIRCUTS--THE WORST!
WELL, WHAT ARE YOU
YELLIN' AT ME FOR?
WHY AM I
YELLIN' AT YOU?
BECAUSE I'M AN ASS,
AND I'M TRYIN'
TO SAVE MY BUTT,
AND YOU SEE THAT
WOMAN OUT THERE?
SHE'S MARRIED TO ME,
OK,
SO YOU LET ME YELL
AT YOU FOR JUST
A MINUTE LONGER,
SHE MIGHT NOT
KILL ME!
DO YOU
UNDERSTAND ME,
YOU PERFECTLY NICE
SON OF A BITCH?
PLEASE, GET THE HELL
OUT OF HERE.
YOU--
AND I'LL PAY FOR THAT
NEXT TIME I'M IN!
WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?
WELL, I WAS THINKING
I'D RATHER HAVE
A BARBER MAD AT ME
THAN MY WIFE.
YEAH. OF COURSE YOU WOULD.
YOU ONLY GET
ONE HAIRCUT A YEAR,
YOU DIRTY HIPPIE.
OK. HERE'S THE HAIRBALL.
IT LOOKS LIKE A DEAD SQUIRREL.
YEAH, IT DOES.
CAN I HAVE IT?
NO! NO, NO.
BUT IT CAME OFF OF ME.
NO, HENRY. NO.
OH!
OH, COME ON.
IT WAS LIKE MOM
COULD SEE RIGHT INTO
THE CENTER OF MY SOUL...
AND WHAT SHE SAW THERE
WAS THIS HARD EVIL,
AND IT BURNED
MY INSIDES LIKE FIRE.
YEAH, BUT YOU
GET USED TO IT.
HOW COULD YOU
DO THIS TO ME?
DO WHAT TO YOU?
GIVE ME 4 TICKETS.
UH, YOU BEGGED FOR THEM?
THINK, UNCLE EDDIE.
4 TICKETS.
THE MATH DOESN'T WORK.
SURE, I GET 3 NEW FRIENDS,
BUT WHAT HAPPENS WHEN
EVERYBODY ELSE FINDS OUT?
I'LL BE RUINED.
HEY, DO YOU KNOW WHAT
I HAD TO GO THROUGH
TO GET THOSE TICKETS?
MAJOR FAVORS
WERE CALLED IN.
A FED EX EMPLOYEE
RISKED HIS JOB.
2 STRIPPERS HAD TO
MAKE A LATE NIGHT TRIP
TO JERSEY.
DO NOT ASK ME WHY.
WHY DOES IT ALWAYS HAVE TO
BE ABOUT YOU, UNCLE EDDIE?
WHAT ABOUT ME?
SHE'S WEIRD.
YOU SAID IT.
HEY, YOU WANT TO
GO SCALP THESE?
SURE.
ALL RIGHT.
PUT A JACKET ON
AND SOME SHOES
YOU CAN RUN IN.
Sean: CLAUD. CLAUD.
CLAUDIA. CLAUDIA.
CLAUDIA, I'M SORRY.
I DON'T WANT YOU
TO BE SORRY.
WELL, WHAT
DO YOU WANT?
I JUST WANT YOU TO DO
THE STUFF I WANT YOU TO DO.
YEAH. I WANT TO DO
THOSE THINGS.
REALLY. I WOULD
LOVE TO BE THE GUY
THAT WANTS TO DO
THOSE THINGS,
BUT I JUST CAN'T,
OK, BECAUSE I'M
NOT GOOD AT THEM.
I'M JUST NOT
PROGRAMMED THAT WAY,
YOU KNOW?
IF SOMEONE'S
BLEEDIN',
I'M RIGHT THERE.
FIX A BICYCLE, SURE.
YOU KNOW, PICK
SOMETHING HEAVY
UP OFF THE GROUND
AND PUT IT
SOMEWHERE.
THAT'S ME,
OK? BECAUSE THOSE
ARE THE THINGS
I'M GOOD AT,
BUT THE
TERRIFIC THING IS,
IS THAT YOU'RE GREAT
AT THE OTHER THINGS,
AND THAT'S WHY I'M
SUCH A LUCKY GUY.
IT'S LIKE
THE YIN-YANG,
YOU KNOW?
YOU AND THE THINGS
THAT YOU DO,
YOU HOLD THIS FAMILY
TOGETHER,
LIKE REMEMBERING
BIRTHDAYS
OR BUYING CLOTHES
OR MAKING
THOSE TASTY,
BALANCED LUNCHES
FOR OUR LITTLE ONES,
AND THAT'S WHY I'M
SUCH A LUCKY GUY,
AND I'M
IN AWE OF YOU
BECAUSE
YOU'RE AMAZING.
YOU DON'T REALLY
THINK I'M BUYING
ANY OF THIS CRAP, DO YOU?
YEAH. OK.
SO, WHAT DO YOU THINK,
TONY
OF COURSE HE CAN FIX IT.
HE'S THE KING.
I DON'T KNOW.
THIS IS A TRAIN WRECK.
AW, COME ON, GUYS.
IT'S NOT THAT BAD.
THERE'S NOTHIN'
TO WORK WITH ON THE SIDES.
MOHAWK.
YEAH. MOHAWK.
YEAH. MOHAWKS
ARE BACK BIG-TIME.
NO, THEY'RE NOT.
Tony: I GOTTA BE
HONEST WITH YOU.
WE MIGHT AS WELL
SHAVE HIM BALD
AND START FRESH.
I WANT TO BE BALD.
WHOA. I'M NOT
PAYING YOU
TO MAKE HIM BALD.
I CAN MAKE HIM BALD.
DON'T TOUCH THAT.
SEAN, PUT THAT DOWN.
NOW.